When performing hypothesis testing,
the first thing we need to do is translate a question into two competing hypotheses.
One of these hypotheses is called the Null,
and it's associated with the symbol,
and the other is called the Alternative and it's commonly notated in this way.
Setting up these hypotheses can be a bit subjective,
but here are a few general rules that will go through.
The null hypothesis is the condition we believe to be true before we collect any data.
Mathematically, the null hypothesis is commonly
a statement of two groups being equal or of an effect being zero.
The null and the alternative hypotheses should be
competing and non overlapping hypotheses.
The alternative hypothesis is often
associated with what you want or what you want to prove to be true.
Mathematically, the null hypothesis tends to hold
an equal sign while the alternative holds a greater than,
less than, or not equal to sign.
We will go through a couple of examples to connect these ideas to.
In the US judicial system we say "Innocent until proven guilty."
This is actually a setup for a hypothesis test.
In a judicial case,
every individual is either innocent or guilty of an act.
This statement of "Innocent until proven
guilty" is a statement that says "We believe everyone to be
innocent initially" that is the null hypothesis for every individual is innocent.
It is this statement we believe to be true before we collect any data.
Therefore, the competing alternative hypothesis is that an individual is guilty.
We then collect evidence or data and use this data to see which hypothesis is supported.